>> Sarah Drasner: All right,
it's exercise time.
Get an SVG from the repo, or
Freepik, or The Noun Project, or
Shutterstock, or anywhere on the web that
you wanna find an SVG, or make an SVG, or
you can write it in code,
all of these things are options to you.
So, think of an animation
that you'd like to make.
And create three thumbnails to show
the animation just for yourself.
And then eventually, when you're done with
the three thumbnails, pick one of them and
make a storyboard out of it.
And put the SVG in order and
optimize it, so that you can animate it.
We're not gonna animate it yet.
We're gonna do that in the next section,
but
I want you to get used to the idea
of working with the SVG, and
optimizing the SVG, and preparing
yourself for animation with like, a plan.
So the plan is the thumbnails and
the storyboard.